# Streamlit_app
This is simple Streamlit ML app

The data was processed at the CT technologist's workstation for generation of MIP sequences. Angled MIPs and volume rendered reformatted images were also generated at an offline 3D workstation. Stenoses are assessed in accordance with NASCET criteria unless otherwise indicated. Total exam dose-length product 3044 mGy-cm FINDINGS: Brain: Evolving encephalomalacia/gliosis in the right frontal lobe best seen on series 2 image 41/80 when compared with 03/18/2017. Additional regions of patchy hypoattenuation in the periventricular white matter are similar to the previous exam, likely secondary to chronic microangiopathic disease. Chronic lacunar infarct left centrum semiovale. There is no evidence of acute territorial infarction. Commensurate prominence of the ventricles and sulci compatible with generalized parenchymal volume loss. Basal cisterns are normal in position and configuration. On postcontrast images, there is no evidence of major dural venous sinus thrombosis. Hypoplastic left transverse sinus. The mastoid air cells, middle ear cavities, and visualized paranasal sinuses are well-aerated. The patient is edentulous. There moderate multilevel degenerative changes in the spine. No acute or suspicious osseous abnormality. Soft tissues and lung apices: Diffuse cervical and axillary lymphadenopathy, similar to 03/17/2017. There is scarring at the lung apices bilaterally. Chest: There is a classic 3 vessel configuration of the aortic arch with moderate calcified and noncalcified atherosclerotic plaque. Proximal arch vessels are non-stenotic. No significant ostial stenosis is visualized on either side. Neck CTA: Both vertebral arteries are widely patent throughout their extracranial cervical course. Both common and internal carotid arteries are normal in course and caliber. Brain CTA: Dense calcification of the cavernous segments of the internal carotid arteries bilaterally without substantial stenosis. There is normal opacification of major intracranial arteries. No focal flow-limiting stenosis or discrete proximal arch vessel arterial occlusion is identified. Again noted is a 3 mm saccular aneurysm which projects inferiorly from the left P-comm origin, series 5 image 399/569, similar to that seen on 03/17/2017. IMPRESSION: 1. No evidence of acute territorial infarction or intracranial hemorrhage. Moderate underlying chronic microhepatic disease. 2. Saccular aneurysm which projects inferiorly from the left P-comm origin is similar to that seen
